#summary General information about installation and usage.
#labels installation,readme,usage,documentation,manual

= Introduction =

The backlink checker tool is a simple PHP class/script, that checks hosts for backlinks on the page.

= Requirements =
  * PHP cli, version 5.x
  * A running mySQL server

= Installation =
To run the backlink checker you first have to make some configurations.  
  * *Internal configuration:*<br/>Set the value of the variable `$SQLUSER` to the user name of your mySQL user. Set the value of the variable `$SQLPASS` to your mySQL password and the value of `$SQLHOST` to your mySQL host (the default ist localhost)
  * *Otional:* Set the value of the variable `$SLEEPTIME` to a value of your choice. This value is the time to sleep until the next scan progress in seconds. Default is 1800 seconds, which are 30 minutes.
  * *mySQL configuration:*<br/>Create a new database with a name of your choice and insert this name as a value for the `$SQLDB` variable.<br/>Create a table with the name *links* in the database you just created including the following fields:
|| Feld || Typ || Attribute || Standard ||
|| Id || int(10) || unsigned || auto_increment, primary_key ||
|| host || varchar(256) || -- || -- ||
|| url || varchar(256) || -- || -- ||
|| active || smallint(1)|| unsigned || 0 ||
|| entered || varchar(256) || -- || -- ||
|| lastseen || varchar(256) || -- ||-- || 
|| Lastupdate || varchar(256) || -- || -- ||

= Usage =
After the installation you can run the script by typing in your console: 
`php backlink-checker.php`
Because all configuration is done internally, there are no further arguments required.